chore: update the package name and version (#7)
ChainSafe/benchmark: README.md

# Benchmark

> > This is independently maintained fork of [@dapplion/benchmark](https://github.com/dapplion/benchmark) with it's own versioning and released as `@chainsafe/benchmark`. It was forked off from `@dapplion/benchmark@1.0.0` so have all features from that point onward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is an independently maintained fork of [@dapplion/benchmark](https://github.com/dapplion/benchmark). 
 This repo now maintains it's own versioning as `@chainsafe/benchmark` and release schedule.  It was forked from the base of `@dapplion/benchmark@1.0.0` and new functionality was added.
```
